Previously on "How to Get Away
With Murder"...
Testify against
Birkhead in court.
Everything I've said on
the stand here has been a lie.
I negotiated a new deal.
What do you want?
Hannah agrees
to be a witness for Annalise
at the trial.
Hannah...
she and Sam had a baby.
A boy.
I just got off the phone
with Floyd.
Birkhead did it.
Or Frank.
[ Gunshots ]
[ Screams ]
Officer: Get down!
[ People screaming ]
Request backup!
All units!
[ Screaming continues ]
Ophelia: What's going on,
Celestine?
We don't know yet,
Mama.
Anna Mae's out there
with those reporters!
Quimby: Everyone
on the floor now!
Where's --
Where's my baby?!
Hey!
Please tell me!
No.
Is she hurt?!
I begged you
not to tell Frank.
Or do you just love
kicking me when I'm down?
Annalise,
this was the Governor.
She heard Hannah was about to
name her in court --
And now Hannah
can't do that, can she?
I'm just trying to
reason our way through this.
We're dealing with
animals here.
Reason means nothing to them.
You can still win this.
Not if I can't
prove conspiracy.
So we'll work on that.
Or I just jump off this balcony
and join Hannah in Hell.
You gotta find Frank.
[ Cellphone clicking ]
Floyd: Police think suicide.
Listen, I have to get
all her files at the office.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Love you, too.
[ Cellphone clicks, gun cocks ]
Frank: Don't move.
I just want to talk.
About?
My mother.
♪
[ Knock on door ]
Is Frank here?
No.
Bonnie,
Christopher's asleep.
Bonnie:
[ Sighs ] Sorry.
What's going on?
I just screwed up.
You know, I always hoped
you two would end up together.
So you don't hate yourself
so much for abandoning him?
[ Sighs ]
Probably.
I never wanted
to need him.
'Cause I don't know
if he can take it.
[ Voice breaking ]
He says he can...but...
[ Sniffles ]
[ Smacks lips ]
If anyone can make him happy,
it's gonna be you.
You're the one who
kept us together, Bonnie.
We pretended
like it was Annalise,
but it was always you
who kept us safe.
I just wanted a family.
[ Sighs ] Me too.
[ Horn honks in distance ]
Lennox: Mr. Castillo,
during the times
that you were speaking
with your daughter, Laurel,
how would you categorize
your relationship with her?
[ Door closes ]
Jorge: Troubled.
Why?
Did you ever catch
your daughter lying to you?
Of course.
When she was 14,
she lied about using cocaine --
Behavior while a minor
is improper
character evidence, Judge.
Sustained.
Let's, um, move on
to Governor Birkhead.
Mr. Castillo,
have you ever met
or spoken with
the Governor?
No.
Have you ever contacted
the Governor
or anyone
associated with her
to enact ill will
against Ms. Keating?
Absolutely not.
And do you believe any
of the allegations that say
the Governor was involved
in your son Xavier's death?
No.
Why?
I've made a lot of money
in my life --
enemies, too --
so I can think of
a long list of people
who would have wanted to
see my son dead.
Mr. Castillo,
one of the theories
Ms. Keating has put forth
is that the FBI is part
of this conspiracy against her.
Have you been in contact
with the FBI about this?
No. The FBI's
who put me in jail
based on misinformation
from an informant.
That's her sitting
right behind Ms. Keating.
Objection!
Judge Vitkay: Mr. Castillo,
do not address the gallery.
Those two women
are conspiring against me.
I'm censuring
the witness.
Jury, disregard the last part
of his testimony.
Mr. Lennox,
meet me in my chambers.
Adjourned.
[ Gavel bangs ]
Michaela: He's a sociopath.
The Governor probably
bribed him with a pardon.
Oliver: Or your dad didn't
want to be the next one killed.
Well, he is gonna
be now.
I just have to
figure out how.
Don't you see
the irony here?
Laurel's mad at her father
because he lied on the stand,
and we all did
the same thing.
Connor, don't
do this again.
Do what?
Maybe one of us
needs to tell the truth.
The real truth.
That'll fix nothing.
And my sentence
will be even longer.
It's also
the right thing to do.
No more lies,
no more guilt about the lies.
I told you,
I don't have any guilt.
Then you're a sociopath.
And you've always been one.
Oliver: Yeah, well, I'm not,
and you love me,
so that means not sending
yourself to prison
for even longer
than five years.
Or sending Oliver to prison
'cause you voided his immunity.
Hey.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
Say you're kidding.
'Course I am.
Ha ha.
I'm gonna take a nap.
Tegan:
I've got more bad news.
There's a rumor Lennox
has a surprise witness on deck.
I'm thinking Gabriel.
Or Frank.
Bonnie can't find him.
Maybe he's out
negotiating his own deal.
No. Frank is ride or die
for you, Annalise.
Just like Bonnie,
just like me.
Why?
Huh?
What's the opposite
of Midas Touch?
Because that's my gift,
of turning everything
around me into ass.
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
I get it.
This is a very stressful
situation.
Yeah, but me having
tantrums doesn't help.
That is also true.
And the main reason
I don't want children.
Tegan.
The witness is Wes.
He wrote a confession,
he hid it in
a safe deposit box --
Let's not jump
to conclusions.
[ Exhales shakily ]
Okay. I'll see
what I can find out.
[ Gunshots ]
[ Screams ]
Get down! Get down!
[ People screaming ]
Is my baby hurt?
Please tell me!
Mama, no!
Is she hurt?!
No. Mama.
Please tell me!
[ People screaming, shouting ]
♪
[ Car door closes ]
Drive!
Drive right now!
[ Tires squeal ]
Michaela : In case you
weren't kidding earlier
and want to tell
the real truth
just to get back at me,
you should know
Solomon made my deal iron-clad.
You're not gonna be able to
live with yourself, Michaela.
I know you say you will,
but it's gonna eat away at you.
It's not.
You can't know that.
I already went to
prison, Connor.
It's called my childhood.
[ Scoffs ]
No one ever taught me
how to do my hair,
wash myself, or read.
I ate bait once
because my father
forgot to feed me.
My uncle showed
his affection
by putting cigarettes out
on my skin.
I can tell you
a hundred stories like that,
or worse, but...
I don't want to,
because I worked
really hard to...
forget and get out
and become the damn
miracle that I am.
So no.
I'm not gonna choose to
suffer, if I don't have to.
I've suffered enough.
I went to Hannah's
safe deposit box.
I got a copy of
her passport, the will.
What else you got?
That's all there is.
Hey, look,
my attorney's
on notice, okay?
If I'm not back in
the office in 20 minutes,
he's gonna call the police,
he's gonna give them
your name.
You found out my name?
That means
there's more papers
listing me
as Hannah's kid.
Which means I have to
make your wife and kids sad
and kill you
for lying to me.
No. Please, no. Please.
Lennox: Thank you
for being here, Governor.
You say that
like I have a choice.
Well, let's not
keep you too long, then.
Did you order the death
of Nathaniel Lahey Sr.?
No.
Do you know if Xavier Castillo
ordered the death?
Yes, because that guard
named him during the Civil Suit.
Did you know
Xavier Castillo?
No, nor have I ever met
or spoken to him.
Do you know
his father, Jorge?
No.
Governor,
did you ever coordinate
with any member
of the Castillo family
or the FBI
to exact revenge
on Ms. Keating
for defeating you
in a Supreme Court case?
No.
You weren't protecting
your re-election?
No, because I plan
to win my election
by convincing the public
I'm the best person for the job.
The way not to do that
is to commit a series
of violent murders.
That's more
Ms. Keating's fallback.
Objection.
Censure the witness.
Governor.
My apologies.
Lennox:
No further questions.
♪
Annalise:
Swear it wasn't you.
Why would I kill Hannah?
Why do you do anything,
Frank?
You know
what you never get?
[ Voice breaking ]
Is that you're it for me.
You got me
out of the pound.
And sure, I mess up,
but all I want to do now
is make you happy.
No. That's never been
your job.
It was Sam's.
[ Sniffles ]
And he's who I'd kill
right now.
[ Inhales shakily ]
He knew who I was,
and he used it against me,
made me think I was sick.
That's because
you reminded him
of how sick he was.
No more hating yourself.
What's that?
Frank:
You found out my name?
That means there are more papers
listing me as Hannah's kid.
Which means I have to
make your wife and kids sad
and kill you
for lying to me.
No. Please, no.
Please. No.
It's not papers.
It's a flash drive.
How you're gonna win.
Annalise: Governor, when I
beat you at the Supreme Court
with my class action,
were you upset?
More disappointed.
Because of the damage to
your political career?
To the taxpayer.
Your victory
cost the state millions.
Money well spent
if it saved
thousands of poor people
from unjust convictions.
Argumentative.
This speaks to the defense's
theory of motive.
Sustained.
Do you know
Xavier Castillo?
As I stated earlier, no.
What about
Hannah Keating?
I don't know who that is.
She's my deceased husband's
sister, Hannah.
You don't know her?
I do not.
And yet, Hannah Keating
recorded herself
on a phone call
to Xavier Castillo
saying this...
[ Keyboard clacks ]
Hannah: I just saw
the Governor on TV
saying Nate Lahey Sr. died.
Xavier: He did die.
Because the Governor
killed him?
Objection. We can't
authenticate this recording.
I wish Hannah Keating were here
to speak to its authenticity,
but she just died.
Gunshot to the head.
Lennox: Your Honor.
Falls under
the death exception.
I'll allow it.
I just saw
the Governor on TV
saying
Nate Lahey Sr. died.
He did die.
Because the Governor
killed him?
Calm down.
I wanted Annalise
to go down for my brother,
not hurt all these
other people.
I'm hanging up.
[ Click ]
[ Keyboard clacks ]
If you didn't know
Hannah Keating
or Xavier Castillo,
why are they speaking
so intimately about you?
I have no idea.
What about
Nate Lahey Sr.?
Did you do what Hannah said
and kill him?
Absolutely not.
So, if Xavier and Hannah
were alive to testify,
they would say
the same thing?
Objection.
Did you have them killed
to cover up your lies?
No! My --
Enough! Enough!
Judge, call a recess!
I'm ending this cross!
Good. I'm done
with this witness.
[ Spectators murmuring ]
♪
So, why am I here?
Due to Xavier's death,
we reached out
to the Attorney General
and got him to re-offer
a settlement
on your father's
wrongful death suit.
It's a, uh --
a better offer than before.
This so I don't do
a Laurel Castillo
and flip on the stand?
Or 'cause Annalise
just exposed Birkhead?
It's more us wanting to do
the right thing for you.
You can do the right thing
by prosecuting the Governor.
Nate...
you might as well
just look at the offer
before saying no.
Tegan: The AG just offered Nate
$20 million.
I'm gonna cut out
his damn heart.
No. You need to
play it cool.
Oh, hell no.
I told you,
he's the surprise witness.
Dead witness, as soon as
I get my hands on him.
Tegan.
Go away.
We need to talk
about my father.
[ Sighs ]
You played me, amiga.
He killed my mother,
okay?
Just imagine what
he could do to hurt us.
You hurt me, Laurel.
So save your own ass
this time.
I have property.
My father put it in my name.
It is worth millions.
Really?
And what exactly am I supposed
to do for those millions?
Something that will
help both of us.
Mr. Lahey,
did the Attorney General
offer you $20 million
to testify against me?
Why did you need
to make an immunity deal
to get on the stand today?
Were you violent with me
in my home recently?
Did you confront D.A. Miller
because you thought
he killed your father?
[ Button clicks ]
Do you know
how D.A. Miller died?
Mr. Lahey, did you have
an affair on your wife, Nia?
How did Nia die?
Did you euthanize her,
or did you beat her in the head
the way you did D.A. Miller?
Because that's the animal
you are.
Violence lives inside of you,
and the only way you know
how to stay out of jail
is to make up lies about me!
Someone who loved you!
Who fought for you!
But you don't deserve it,
do you?
Because you're just like
Sam and Solomon! Mac! Clyde!
You're no better
than any of them!
[ Sighs ]
[ Button clicks ]
[ Cody Crump's
"A Different World" plays ]
[ Keys jingle, lock disengages ]
♪
Bonnie:
What are you doing?
It's nothing bad.
♪ On your own ♪
Talk to me.
♪ All the things you knew ♪
What am I supposed to do now,
knowing what's in me?
♪ Fade into the past ♪
This doesn't need
to mean anything.
It does to me.
And it's all bad,
so Annalise was right
not to tell me...
and you should've
known that, too.
I couldn't have
another lie between us.
So you put
the burden on me?
It's on us.
And you just need to
let me be here for you.
Then you should put
a bullet in my head.
'Cause that would have been
nicer than what you did.
Please.
Stay.
I'll forgive you.
I will.
♪ We're all so small ♪
Just not right now.
♪ And powerless to this ♪
♪ And there's nothing ♪
♪ We can do ♪
♪ It's a different world ♪
♪ Than the one we knew ♪
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
♪ It's a different world ♪
[ Pounding on door ]
[ Lock disengages ]
It's illegal to
squat in here.
I paid the rent to
the end of the month.
Well, now you can afford
a nicer place.
[ Suitcase unzips ]
It's 87 grand.
Yours.
Just don't take the stand
against Annalise.
You're hung up
on your dad, right?
That's what
all this is about?
Wouldn't you be?
He killed that girl Lila.
Don't forget that.
I don't believe
he did that.
He did.
You know how I know?
'Cause he had me do it.
Didn't know she was
pregnant at the time.
Sad, right?
Your dad had me kill
your sibling.
Take the money.
Get away from all this,
or Sam's gonna
destroy your life,
like he's done
everyone else.
♪ Than the one we knew ♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
Maybe I should go to law school.
What?
Good luck.
Look, I just snuck into
the law library
to find ways to make the FBI
give you Michaela's deal.
[ Sighs ] Oli, stop.
You are depressed.
That is very clear.
So it's my job
to take the wheel.
I want to go
to prison!
Why do I have to
keep saying that?
Especially to you,
my husband,
who's supposed to
understand
and honor what I think's
best for me.
What about
what's best for me?
Have you even
thought about that?
Of course.
[ Slams table ] Look,
I need you to fight like hell
to get the same deal
that Michaela got!
So that we, the two people
who vowed to love each other
'til death,
can stay in love,
because I still love you,
despite everything that
I've lost for you --
my job, my morals.
So, you owe me this.
If you don't agree,
then I'll just divorce you.
Right now.
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
I'm sorry.
[ Sighs ]
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Michaela:
Your phone, Connor.
Who is it?
Lanford.
We're altering
your plea deal.
No. I testified against
Annalise, like you wanted.
We're improving
the terms, Connor.
Why?
I didn't like that you got
a different deal than Ms. Pratt.
We've cut it down to
no years and probation.
I don't get it.
You don't have to do this.
No. We don't.
Lennox: Mr. Lahey, were you
involved in any way at all
with the death
of Sam Keating?
No.
You were arrested
and almost charged
for his murder, though. Why?
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
[ Coughs ]
I was the boyfriend.
That's always the first suspect.
Any other reason?
I was framed.
I'm on it.
You set me up for a murder you
probably committed yourself.
Lennox: Who do you believe
framed you, Mr. Lahey?
At the time,
I thought Annalise.
Did you ever get
confirmation of this?
I hate what I did to you.
I hate it.
I hate myself.
No. 'Cause she wasn't
the one who framed me.
You mean she had
an associate do it for her?
I mean she didn't do it.
That was Hannah Keating.
She wanted to connect Annalise
to Sam's murder,
and now it's very clear
to me how Hannah did it --
by using the Castillos
and the Governor.
Let me stop you,
Mr. Lahey.
Did Ms. Keating coerce you
to change your testimony today?
No.
That was you
and Special Agent Lanford,
when you offered me $20 million
to say what you want.
[ Clears throat ]
I'm just guessing that's
so I don't tell the jury
that an FBI agent
working for the Castillos
murdered Asher Millstone.
Annalise: Why?
And don't say
because I got the Governor.
I didn't.
No.
It's got nothing to do
with the Governor.
You gave up $20 million
for what?
I didn't give it up.
I'mma get it.
Nate.
I hated you
for a long time,
and even when
we were together,
I-I think I thought
I was gonna get you back,
but it wasn't just you.
It was me.
It was me. I made the first
move at the bar that night.
But if I'm gonna move on --
I mean, really move on...
I gotta own
my side of the road.
Today was that.
I...
Don't.
Don't say anything.
Just try it.
Take responsibility
for how you ended up here.
'Cause you're good at
a lot of things, Annalise.
That's not one of them.
Here.
What's this?
Wes' confession.
Found it on Xavier.
Goodbye, Annalise.
[ Felix Rauber's
"Après Minuit" plays ]
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Connor:
Is Michaela here?
No, I sent her out
for Buster's.
Here.
Two Manhattans.
What are we celebrating?
Uh, I wanted to apologize
for blowing up earlier.
It's not because you knew
I was getting a new deal?
You were never
at the library.
You were with Lanford,
agreeing to surprise Annalise
and testify against her
as long as he gave me
a new deal.
[ Lighter clicks ]
♪
♪ I'm standing
at the riverside ♪
[ Fire crackling ]
[ Knocking on door ]
What the hell?
As if we could
stay away?
Hug me now.
Oh.
Celestine: We're here to
watch you win, sis.
[ Sobs ]
Ophelia:
It's alright, baby.
We're here.
What lies
did you agree to?
Just to say that
Annalise made me delete...
some dirty photos
of her and Wes
from her hard drive.
Well, now you don't
have to tell that lie.
No. I will say
whatever it takes --
I want a divorce, Oli.
I refused the deal.
I go to prison as soon
as the trial's over.
And I'm not gonna ruin
your life for that entire time.
This -- This is not
your decision to make.
Your testimony could make
Annalise lose her trial,
and that -- that means
Laurel goes to prison
and Christopher's alone.
I'm all alone
if you go through
with this.
Only until
you meet someone
who's actually good
for you.
No, that's you.
I've turned you
into a criminal.
I made myself into that.
And none of that
would have happened
if I hadn't showed up
to your door the night of Sam.
That's the only thing
keeping us together.
Death, murder, and trauma.
And that's gonna
follow us, always...
No.
...if we stay together.
[ Voice breaking ] No.
You don't get to do this.
I made my decision.
I know
you still love me.
We're done.
No.
L-Look at me.
Look at me.
[ Sighs ]
And tell me
that you don't love me.
Say it.
I want to
hear you say it.
See? [ Chuckles ]
You can't.
You can't say it.
You love me.
I don't love you.
[ Inhales sharply ]
You're gonna win
this one, right?
You're not gonna
bring shame
to the Harkness brand,
are you?
What if
I shouldn't win, Mama?
What?
It's easy to want to win
when it's right.
But this?
Me?
What are you saying,
Anna Mae?
I've done a lot
of bad things, Mama.
If people only knew.
What if I deserve to lose?
That's not
your decision to make.
It's the jury's,
and I have to give a closing
convincing them
that I deserve to be free.
It's God's decision,
Anna Mae.
God is the only one who can
look at the whole picture
and decide
who deserves what.
Not you,
not that jury,
not your mama.
All you have to do
is show up,
and I know you
well enough to know
that you know damn well
how to show up when it counts.
You hear me?
Lennox:
Forget everyone else.
The Castillos, the Governor,
the supposed conspiracy.
That is all noise
to distract you from the person
who brought us here --
Annalise Keating.
She wants to play
the victim,
and she is good at it, too.
But you know the real victims.
Asher Millstone.
D.A. Ronald Miller.
A.D.A. Emily Sinclair.
Rebecca Sutter.
Sam Keating.
It all started with this man.
[ Sighs ]
[ Breathes shakily, sniffles ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry.
[ Sniffles ]
Lennox:
That is the original sin.
You start there.
Then there's no doubt
that Annalise Keating
is not a victim.
She's a murderer.
Annalise: I'm no victim.
USA Lennox
was right about that.
But that's the only true thing
that he said today.
So, here's the truth about me.
I've worn a mask
every day of my life.
In high school,
it was a smile that I faked
to get boys to like me.
In law school, I changed my name
to sound more "New England."
At the law firm, I wore heels,
makeup, and a wig.
And when I got married, I...
threw myself into
becoming a Keating,
and it was all to create
a version of myself
that the world would accept.
But I'm done.
Instead, I stand before you,
mask off,
to tell you the God's honest.
I have done many a bad thing.
I've coerced witnesses,
got clients to lie on the stand,
bullied students to tears,
manipulated jurors like you.
But those are not the crimes
I'm being tried for.
It's murder.
And I am no murderer.
What I am is a survivor.
I survived getting taunted
by the N-word
when I was in grade school.
I survived the sexual abuse
by my uncle when I was 11.
I survived losing
my first love, Eve,
because I was scared to be gay.
Then the death of my son
in a car accident,
the murder of my husband,
then alcoholism,
depression, grief,
and every death
leading up to this trial.
But today, you decide.
Am I a bad person?
Well, the mask is off,
so I'm gonna say yes.
But am I the mastermind criminal
who pulled off a series
of violent murders?
Hell no.
Who I am is a 53-year-old woman
from Memphis, Tennessee,
named Anna Mae Harkness.
I'm ambitious, black,
bisexual, angry,
sad, strong,
sensitive, scared,
fierce, talented,
exhausted.
[ Breathes shakily ]
And I am at your mercy.
[ Sighs ]
Say it.
You think I was dumb
to say all that.
No.
I think I'm in love
with you, Annalise.
I've tried to fight it.
But I'm taking
my mask off, too.
I cannot not
have you in my life.
Because I love you.
What do you really want?
Love.
And I can give that
to you.
I can make you happy.
I can't promise you
the same.
That's what you deserve,
and it's out there
for you,
but it's just not me.
There's a verdict.
Ms. Foreperson, I've been told
you've reached a verdict.
Yes, Your Honor.
Please stand.
For the charge of conspiracy
to murder Sam Keating
in count one of the indictment,
the jury finds the defendant
Annalise Keating...
...not guilty.
Woman: Yes.
For murder in the first degree
of Rebecca Sutter,
the jury finds the defendant
not guilty.
For murder in the first degree
of Asher Millstone,
the jury finds the defendant
not guilty.
For murder in the first degree
of Emily Sinclair,
the jury finds the defendant
not guilty.
For murder in the first degree
of Ronald Miller,
the jury finds the defendant
not guilty.
For murder in the first degree
of Caleb Hapstall,
the jury finds the defendant
not guilty.
[audio fades] For the charges
of abuse of a corpse...
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
Reporter: How are you
feeling, Annalise?
I'm grateful that the jury
did the right thing,
despite some pressure from
some very powerful people.
You mean
the Governor?
And others.
Reporter #2:
Are you concerned about
a backlash from the FBI?
If they're truly behind
Asher Millstone's death,
then I'm very concerned,
and you should be, too.
Marshal:
It's time, sir.
[ Inhales sharply ]
[ Sniffles ] Okay.
[ Sniffles ]
No.
Uh -- Uh, no.
I'm -- I'm not --
[ Handcuffs click ]
I'm not doing this.
I'm -- I'm not gonna
sign those papers.
I know better.
You're gonna be happy.
I know better, okay?
[ Sniffles ]
Oliver.
No.
Thank you.
Now I know how to love.
[ Sobs ]
Connor.
Connor! Connor.
[ Sobbing ]
Oh, God.
I'm so sorry --
Don't!
That should have
been you.
[ Sniffling ]
[ Ringing ]
Female voice: The number you are
calling has been disconnected.
Please check the number
and dial again.
Laurel: We get to go
somewhere new, meet new people.
Mommy promises
no more boogey men, okay?
We get to be safe and happy.
No!
[ Groans ]
[ shiv clatters ]
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
Reporter #2:
What legal action do you think
should be taken
against the Governor?
There needs to be an independent
counsel investigation
on the Governor immediately,
or we need to impeach
right away.
Reporter: Would you ever
consider being the prosecutor
to try the Governor's case?
Laurel: Esta bien.
Okay, precioso?
[ Gunshots ]
[ People screaming ]
Minister: May the Lord
bless her and keep her,
the Lord shine upon her
and be gracious to her.
We ask you, o Lord,
to lift up
our dearly departed Annalise
and give her peace.
Amen.
Amen.Amen.
And now we invite all those
who would like
to come up and share
their own thoughts, memories,
and prayers for Annalise.
First, we'll begin
with a special speaker
who has known Annalise
for a long time.
Reporter: Are you concerned
about a backlash from the FBI?
Well, if they were truly behind
Asher Millstone's murder,
you better believe
I'm concerned,
and you should be, too.
We can't tolerate
this level of corruption
in our law enforcement.
Reporter #2: Ms. Keating,
there's speculation
you wouldn't have gotten
this not guilty verdict
if you hadn't made the trial
all about the Governor
and the FBI.
I would never presume
to know why
the jury decided
to side with me.
Either way,
it's clear that they saw through
Governor Birkhead's weak attempt
to make me the guilty party here
when it's actually her.
Were you aware
the Governor's here today?
Probably here to
watch me win.
Uh, no. She's meeting
with the Attorney General.
[ Echoing ] Well, I assume
that she is concerned...
Get out of the way,
please.
...that she will be charged
with conspiracy,
along with FBI Agent Lanford.
Move, please.
Reporter:
Would you agree to testify
at the Governor's
impeachment trial?
[ Annalise continues
speaking indistinctly ]
Move.
Out of the way, please.
Reporter #2:
What legal action do you think
should be taken
against the Governor?
Frank! No!
Stop!
[ Gunshots ]
Annalise, get down!
[ People screaming ]
Officer: Shots fired!
Request backup! All units!
[ Screaming continues ]
Woman:
Gonna get some help.
Breathe. Stay with me.
Secret Service agent:
Put the gun down!
[ Siren wails ]
♪
Drive!
Drive right now!
[ Tires squeal ]
Frank.
I'm here.
I'm -- I'm here.
You stay here.
Stay here with me.
Female minister:
And now we invite all those
who would like to come up
and share their own thoughts,
memories,
and prayers for Annalise.
First, we'll begin
with a special speaker
who has known Annalise
for a long time,
someone who loved her,
someone who knew her
personally and professionally.
[minister continues]
[speaking Spanish]
Do you want to say anything?
No.
[speaking Spanish]
But you should.
[minister] ...after we've heard
from our first speaker.
Eve?
Eve: Thank you.
Bonnie: Frank.
Frank, I'm here.
I'm here. I'm here.
I had to make it right.
No.
Tell Annalise.
No, you --
you can tell her.
You're gonna tell her.
Annalise: Bonnie!
No, you tell her.
Bonnie. Bonnie.
You tell her.
What -- Oh, what did --
Why -- Why did he...
Why?!
Why did he...
Okay.
Oh. Oh, no.
Help! Help!
She's been shot!
Help me! Help!
No, Bonnie!
Bonnie! Bonnie, no!
Stay with me!
Bonnie! No!
Stay!
Bonnie, no!
Eve: What words can make meaning
out of an entire life
or do justice
to a lifetime
of struggles and triumphs
and to try and do this
for Annalise?
♪ ...better than this? ♪
So, I'll start with this.
I never loved anyone
the way I loved Annalise.
I loved her even when
she didn't choose me.
Wake up!
Alright, you wake up!
Bonnie!
Bonnie, wake up!
I need you!
No!
You stay with me!
Aah!
Bonnie!
Bonnie! Gah!
Oh, God!
But those moments
when she did choose me?
I would feel seen.
I think we all seek
that person in our lives --
someone who shows us
it's possible to survive
whatever good or bad
is thrown at you.
♪ If I let go,
would you hold on? ♪
It's one of the thousand things
Annalise taught me.
What feels like hell right now
is a gift later.
♪ ...just say that we tried? ♪
That's not to say
Annalise was easy to love.
But then when you thought of
that young girl from Memphis,
you...forgave her
for everything.
I think that's why
so many of us are here today.
To remember her, yes.
But also to forgive her.
♪ As the sun waits to eclipse ♪
For better or worse, we were
all chosen by Annalise.
And despite the demands
she put on us,
we know she taught us something.
♪ I'm too tired ♪
♪ To wrestle with it ♪
[speaking Spanish]
Who are they?
Old friends.
I think that's what
she valued most about her life.
Not the trials she won
or glass ceilings she broke.
♪ ...better than this ♪
But the fights she lost.
She knew these were the things
that made her her --
determined, tough, stubborn.
I know many people find it hard
to be around a person like this.
It's easier to choose nice.
♪ Would you hold on? ♪
♪ Would we fly? ♪
Even if that means settling.
But the rest of us know this.
♪ ...if we just say
that we tried? ♪
When the sun shines on you...
♪ Are we laughing... ♪
...you're a fool to turn away.
♪ ...at the danger? ♪
♪ Are we dancing after death? ♪
♪ You and I? ♪
[ Sea gulls cawing ]
Christopher: [ Spanish accent ]
Everyone, take your seats.
It's your first day
of law school,
which means
we're already behind.
I'm Professor
Christopher Castillo.
This is Criminal Law 100,
or as my mentor
liked to call it...
♪ Would you hold on? ♪
♪ Would we fly? ♪
[ Chalk slams ]
♪ Is it safer if we just say ♪
...how to get away with murder.
♪ ...we tried? ♪
♪ Are we laughing
at the danger? ♪
♪ Are we dancing after death? ♪
♪ Are we laughing
at the danger? ♪
We begin.
♪ Are we dancing after death? ♪
♪ You and I? ♪